applications: nrf5340_audio: Integrate sample rate converter (#34) (#13916)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Support for Filter Accept List; enabled as default.
  * Metadata used in Auracast, such as ``active_state`` and ``parental_rating``.
  * Updated :ref:`lib_bt_ll_acs_nrf53_readme` from v3424 to v17933.

>   * Support for converting the audio samplerate between 48 kHz, 24 kHz and 16 kHz.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Support for converting the audio sample rate between 48 kHz, 24 kHz, and 16 kHz.
```
